Linlin,
how’s it going? What did the lawyer say?
The lawyer said she needs to meet
with the person involved in person.
Did you tell her where I am?
No. I wanted to ask your
opinion before replying to her.
Linlin, you absolutely can’t tell anyone
I’m here. If I’m found,
I’m dead.
Okay, but you can’t keep hiding like this,
it’s not a solution. Why don’t you
discuss it with your family?
No, I can’t let my
family know yet.
I’ll hide out for a bit longer.
Once things cool down,
I’ll figure something out.
Alright, take care
of yourself. I have something to do,
so I’ll head out.
The key to the cabin seems to have been left
at my place.
Wu Tai! Wu Tai!
DS International? What kind of organization
is DS International?
So, was Wu Tai taken
by DS International’s people?